
# CustoNN2 : Minutes of the meeting
<br/>

| Date of Meeting (YYYY/MM/DD)  | (2019/04/24 )  |  
|:--- | :---: |  
| Time  |  15:15 - 17:45 |  
| MOM Prepared by  | Suprajith  |  

| Team | |
| --- | :---: |
| Present members |  Aayush, Adesh, Alina, Amey, Anshul, Chiranjeevi, Rushikesh, Nikhitha, Suprajith  | 
| Absentees | Arathy  |

### Notes and Decisions 
##### Project organization updates
1. Team gave status update to Dr.Kenter. Milestone 1 is not yet complete. Have until EOD to finish Milestone 1.
2. Suggestion by Dr.Kenter regarding Projects and Subprojects : Integrate DLDT project with pg-custonn2-2018. Better to have everything in the same place.  
3. Project Plan  to be submitted after integrating Design Document.
##### Research/Individual Task Updates: Task Updates
1. Team OpenVino : Finished plug-in code for Simple CNN
2. Team TVM : Able to generate Kernels for pretrained models but have issues with custom models.
##### Project decisions
1. Team OpenVino : Investigate why segmentation error is happening . Does it have something to do with unpadded images ?
2. Team TVM : Try to run simple, individual kernels using tensorflow . Check which version of tensorflow is being supported by TVM. 

### Issues and Actions
| Issue | Owner | Time |
|:--- | :--- | :---: |
|  Communication gap in the team ? Integration of  Slack and GitLab possible ? Anyway , `Issues` in issue board must be more verbose.|Everyone
|
| Integrate DLDT with main project | Everyone |

|Action| Owner|Due Date|
|:--- | :--- | :---: |
| Action1 | - |
| Action2 | - |