# CustoNN2 : Minutes of the meeting
<br/>

| Date of Meeting (YYYY/MM/DD)  | 2019/05/08   |  
|:--- | :---: |  
| Time  |  15:15 - 17:45 |  
| MOM Prepared by  | Alina  |  

| Team | |
| --- | :---: |
| Present members | Aayush, Arathy , Alina, Amey, Anshul, Chiranjeevi, Rushikesh, Nikhitha, Adesh | 
| Absentees | Suprajith |

### Notes and Decisions 
##### Project organization updates
- Tobias created a new project "cs-hit / pg-custonn2-2018-3rd-party / dldt" for dldt in Version Control.
- Tobias suggested to think about routing kernels instead of using the global memory for transfering intermediate results between the kernels.

 
##### Research/Individual Task Updates: Task Updates
- Found a bug in OpenVINO plugin during FPGA execution.


### Issues and Actions
| Issue | Owner | Time |
|:--- | :--- | :---: |

|Action| Owner|Due Date|
|:--- | :--- | :---: |


