# CustoNN2 : Minutes of the meeting
<br/>

| Date of Meeting (YYYY/MM/DD)  | (2019/ 07 / 01 )  |  
|:--- | :---: |  
| Time  |  16:15 - 18:45 |  
| MOM Prepared by  | Rushikesh  |  

| Team | |
| --- | :---: |
| Present members | Rushikesh, Adesh, Suprajith, Alina, Aayush, Chiranjeevi, Amey | 
| Absentees | Anshul, Nikhitha, Arathy|

### Notes and Decisions 
##### Project organization updates
- Team discussed about improving organization in the form of more descriptive issues and better work load distribution based on suggestions from Tobias.


##### Research/Individual Task Updates: Task Updates
-  Team informed Tobias about the current status of GoogleNet debugging.
-  Team also discussed about the feasibility of project goals, with the aim now being able to execute all 3 topologies correctly, optimizing at least 1.
-  Team also discussed implementing only tvm generated kernels.
- Rushikesh, Suprajith and Adesh will continue debugging GoogleNet until functional correctness is achieved, upon which channel implementation will be completed by the rest of the team. 
- Garbage value problem has been fixed. 




### Issues and Actions
| Issue | Owner | Time |
|:--- | :--- | :---: |
| Debugging googlenet kernels| Suprajith, Rushikesh, Adesh |
| Issue 2 | - |

|Action| Owner|Due Date|
|:--- | :--- | :---: |
| Action1 | - |
| Action2 | - |
