# CustoNN2 : Minutes of the meeting
# CustoNN2 : Minutes of the meeting
<br/>

| Date of Meeting (YYYY/MM/DD)  | (2019/07/15 )  |  
|:--- | :---: |  
| Time  |  09:15 - 11:45 |  
| MOM Prepared by  | <Arathy>  |  

| Team | |
| --- | :---: |
| Present members | Adesh, Arathy, Rushikesh, Suprajith | 
| Absentees | Aayush, Anshul, Alina, Amey, Chiranjeevi, Nikitha |

### Notes and Decisions 
##### Project organization updates
-  
- 
##### Research/Individual Task Updates: Task Updates
-    The team was able to debug GoogleNet kernels.
-    Tobias suggested to come up with a baseline architecture.


##### Project decisions
-
-

### Issues and Actions
| Issue | Owner | Time |
|:--- | :--- | :---: |
| Issue 1| - |
| Issue 2 | - |

|Action| Owner|Due Date|
|:--- | :--- | :---: |
| Action1 | MPI Integration with plugin | Rushikesh | Wednesday |
| Action2 | Kernel Optimizations - I/O Channels | Adesh | Wednesday |
| Action3 | Kernel Optimizations - Internal channels | Arathy | Wednesday |
| Action4 | ResNet Implementation - Tensorflow | Suprajith | Wednesday |



