# CustoNN2 : Minutes of the meeting
<br/>

| Date of Meeting (YYYY/MM/DD)  | (2019/ 06 / 03 )  |  
|:--- | :---: |  
| Time  |  16:15 - 18:45 |  
| MOM Prepared by  | Suprajith  |  

| Team | |
| --- | :---: |
| Present members | All members present | 
| Absentees | - |

### Notes and Decisions 
##### Project organization updates
- Tobias conducted individual feedback round with remaining members  to gain insights into individual contribution.
- Tobias suggested to see how using  separate (auto run) kernels for Padding and Relu in Googlenet works out. Maybe use depths correctly to avoid stalls.
- It is ok to combine  handwritten and generated kernels .


##### Research/Individual Task Updates: Task Updates
- OpenVINO - Research on node affinity - ongoing.
- Team discussed about writing channels for every inception module.
- Tasks for implementing padding and Relu in the kernels were created and assigned. 
- Quantization - research ongoing


##### Project decisions
- Meeting times on Wednesday shifted from 3PM-6PM to 4PM-7PM.


### Issues and Actions
| Issue | Owner | Time |
|:--- | :--- | :---: |
| Issue 1| - |
| Issue 2 | - |

|Action| Owner|Due Date|
|:--- | :--- | :---: |
| Action1 | - |
| Action2 | - |
