# CustoNN2 : Minutes of the meeting
<br/>

| Date of Meeting (YYYY/MM/DD)  | (2019/ 07 / 24 )  |  
|:--- | :---: |  
| Time  |  9:00 - 12:00 |  
| MOM Prepared by  | Rushikesh  |  

| Team | |
| --- | :---: |
| Present members | Adesh, Anshul, Amay, Alina, Arathy, Chiranjeevi, Rushikesh, Suprajith| 
| Absentees | Aayush, Nikhitha |

### Notes and Decisions 
##### Project organization updates


##### Research/Individual Task Updates: Task Updates
-   Chiru and Anshul fixed bug with tree structure display in plugin and started implementing  new layer support.
-   Arathy, Nikhitha and Adesh are testing channels on emulation, investigating an error.
-   Amey and Suprajit generated the TVM kernels, now working on merging conv with Relu.
-   Rushikesh and Alina are debugging the MPI version of the plugin, compilation on Noctua now possible.


##### Project decisions
 

### Issues and Actions
| Issue | Owner | Time |
|:--- | :--- | :---: |
| Testing with Internal Channels| Adesh  | 2019/24/07
| Implement IO and internal channels on 3b and 3c  | Arathy, Nikhitha | 2019/24/07
| Performance modeling for base version | Aayush | 2019/29/07


|Action| Owner|Due Date|
|:--- | :--- | :---: |
| Action1 | - |
| Action2 | - |
