  Date of Meeting (YYYY/MM/DD):  (2019/03/13)<br/>
  
  Time:  9:00 - 12:00 <br/>
  Present members: Aayush,Adesh,Alina,Anshul,Amey,Arathy,Chiranjeevi,Nikitha,Rushikesh <br/>
  Absentees:   Suprajith<br/>
  MOM Prepared by : Adesh <br/>
  
  Project organization updates:<br/>  <br/>
  
  
  Research/Individual Task Updates: Task Updates :<br/>
  1) The Team had discussion with Bernd regarding OpenVINO FPGA Plugin Development.<br/>
  2) Draft copy of Project Plan Outline was discussed with Tobias<br/>
  3) External I/O channels implementation bitstream was generated but yet to run on hardware to get metrics.<br/> 
  
  
  Project decisions: <br/> 
  Team had the dicussion about the ML Suites and decided we still need some time to decide on the Suite to use in the project. <br/>
  Initial draft of Project Plan will be submitted to Tobias before 2019/3/18 </br>
  
  Action: <br/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;Project Plan <br/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;Owner : Team  <br/>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;Due Date : 2019/03/18  <br/>